https://codepen.io/yorsman/pen/vYLKeRw?editors=1100

Questions

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic html is the way html is used. It gives meaning, clarity, order to a website. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Html is used to structure a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    an atribute is data we input in an element to modify it.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It's good practice to use it only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    meta data and a header

    7. What is an id? 
    id is a unique selector

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    html elements. div, p, section, h1-6.
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    
    10. What is a class? 
    is a selector
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    html elements. img, divs, p, h1-6, section, 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    adding the attribute target="_blank"
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    accesibility. when an image wont load. it display a brief description. also screen readers rely on it.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #idname

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    the section tag defines sections. headers, footers.
    the div tag just divides conten within it.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    css is responsible of the design and look of a webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {   }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an 
    id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is used to select one or multiple elements at once. Id is used only once and for one element.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    is when you select a specific child that is within a parent element. Useful when you only one to change an item that is among other items inside parent element.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    is a keyword added to a selector to change content or focus and make it stand out.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, capitalize, lowercase
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm and we need to be careful because it could delete a whole directory without notice.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to keep track of changes and to be able to go back to a previous version in case something goes back.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every time there is a reasonable change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push


    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork
    add tl
    clone
    new branch
    submit pull request
    